Improve accessibility of the Anchor component for external links (#2988)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/gentle-seahorses-press.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": minor
---

> Added a new props `externalLabel` to the Anchor component to describe to visually impaired users that the link leads to an external page or opens in a new tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new `externalLabel` prop to the Anchor component to describe to visually impaired users that the link leads to an external page or opens in a new tab.
```

> Added two new props `isExternal` and  `externalLabel` to the Anchor component props to describe to visually impaired users that the link leads to an external page or opens in a new tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new `externalLabel` prop to the Anchor component to describe to visually impaired users that the link leads to an external page or opens in a new tab.
```

Author: will add this todo to v10 :)
